[GEOS-11346] Add a configurable Content-Security-Policy header (#7514)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/production/config.rst

* ``geoserver.xframe.shouldSetPolicy``: controls whether the X-Frame-Options header should be set at all. Default is true.
* ``geoserver.xframe.policy``: controls what to set the X-Frame-Options header to. Default is ``SAMEORIGIN``. Valid options are ``DENY``, ``SAMEORIGIN`` and ``ALLOW-FROM [uri]``.

These properties can be set either via Java system property, command line argument (-D), environment

> variable or web.xml init parameter.

Reviewer: Is this still useful? We now have a page dedicated to this sentence: https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/configuration/properties/index.html

Author: It probably isn't necessary but that sentence exists in the current documentation. It just got moved around and shows up as new in the diff.

.. warning::
    The ``ALLOW-FROM`` option is not supported by modern browsers and should only be used if you know
    that browsers interacting with your GeoServer will support it. Applying this policy will be treated
    as if no policy was set by browsers that do not support this (i.e., **NO** protection). The
    ``Content-Security-Policy`` header provides more robust support for allowing specific hosts to
    display frames from GeoServer using the ``frame-ancestors`` directive.

If the ``geoserver.csp.frameAncestors`` system property has not been set, the ``frame-ancestors``
directive of the ``Content-Security-Policy`` header will default to being set based on the value of
the ``X-Frame-Options`` header.

* ``SAMEORIGIN`` will be ``frame-ancestors 'self'``
* ``DENY`` will be ``frame-ancestors 'none'``
* if the ``X-Frame-Options`` header is not set or has any other value, the ``frame-ancestors``
  directive will be omitted

When both ``frame-ancestors`` and ``X-Frame-Options`` are present, browsers that support
``frame-ancestors`` should **enforce** the ``frame-ancestors`` policy and **ignore** the

> ``X-Frame-Options`` policy.

Reviewer: These new options should be listed on [Application Properties](https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/configuration/properties/index.html) page. 

I only read this to look for the option to change the default mentioned in the PR and cannot figure out you were trying to say.

Author: Basically, this is trying to say that CSP frame-ancestors is more powerful than X-Frame-Options and frame-ancestors will override X-Frame-Options if both are set and the browser supports both. The frame-ancestors also defaults to having the same behavior as X-Frame-Options to prevent compatibility issues. Using 'self' as the default frame-ancestors would significantly simplify that configuration but would break frames if an administrator had disabled X-Frame-Options and allow frames from the same origin if an administrator had set X-Frame-Options to DENY.

These properties can be set either via Java system property, command line argument (-D), environment
variable or web.xml init parameter.

.. _production_config_csp:

Content-Security-Policy
'''''''''''''''''''''''

In order to mitigate cross-site scripting and clickjacking attacks GeoServer defaults to setting

> the Content-Security-Policy HTTP header based on rules loaded from a configuration file. See the

Reviewer: For user's of the web admin console they do not see a configuration file.
```suggestion
the Content-Security-Policy HTTP header based on rules loaded from :ref:`security_csp` page.  See the
```

Author: I will remove the reference here to a configuration file.
